doc(sso): Update main page and add doc for external identity provider (#987)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/getting_started/sso/okta.md

# Configure Single Sign-on with Okta

In order to configure Okta with SEKOIA.IO, the following steps must be done:

> 1. Create a new application on Okta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new application in your Okta admin console
```

> 2. Connect to [SEKOIA.IO](http://SEKOIA.IO) and add a new domain that belongs to your community and wait for its validation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Connect to SEKOIA.IO and add a new domain that belongs to your community and wait for its validation.
```

> 3. Configure OpenID Connect in SEKOIA.IO (see associated documentation [Single Sign-On With OpenID Connect](../SSO_openid_connect.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure OpenID Connect in SEKOIA.IO. (see associated documentation [Single Sign-On With OpenID Connect](../SSO_openid_connect.md))
```

> ## Create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a new application in Okta
```

> 1. Follow the menu to "admin console" > "Applications" > "Applications"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Naivgate to "admin console" > "Applications" > "Applications"
```

2. Use the "Create App Integration" function to start the integration:

>     - As "Sign-in method" choose "OIDC - OpenID Connect".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - As "Sign-in method" choose "OIDC - OpenID Connect"
```

>     - As "Application type" choose "Web Application".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - As "Application type" choose "Web Application"
```

3. Once redirected to the "New Web App Integration", be sure to select:
    - Grant type: "Client acting on behalf of a user" > "`Authorization Code`"

>     - Sign-in redirect URIs: [`https://app.sekoia.io/user/callback`](https://app.sekoia.io/user/callback)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Sign-in redirect URIs: `https://app.sekoia.io/user/callback`
```

> 4. In "Assignments" > "Controlled access", you can limit access to specific groups of users (during tests you can use the option "Allow everyone in your organization to access").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under "Assignments" > "Controlled access", you can limit access to specific groups of users. During tests, you can use the option "Allow everyone in your organization to access"
```

> ## Configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure your Okta application for SEKOIA.IO
```

Once your app has been created:

1. Save the "Client ID" & "Client secret" for later use.

> 2. Save your Okta domain (go to the user menu in the top right corner of the Okta interface, you will find it under your email address), you will need it to provide it in SEKOIA.IO "Authentication provider base URL" field: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/` (More info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save your Okta domain. You can find this by navigating to the user menu in the top right corner of the Okta interface, and it will be listed under your email address. You will need it to provide it in SEKOIA.IO "Authentication provider base URL" field: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/`
```

> 2. Save your Okta domain (go to the user menu in the top right corner of the Okta interface, you will find it under your email address), you will need it to provide it in [SEKOIA.IO](http://SEKOIA.IO) "Authentication provider base URL" field: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/` (More info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Save your Okta domain (go to the user menu in the top right corner of the Okta interface, you will find it under your email address), you will need it to provide it in SEKOIA.IO "Authentication provider base URL" field: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/` (More info
```

> on Okta documentation: [Composing your base URL](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#composing-your-base-url)). Be aware that, your Okta domain is not the domain of the "Okta Admin Console".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
 !!! note 
     You can find more info on Okta documentation: [Composing your base URL](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#composing-your-base-url)). Be aware that, your Okta domain is not the domain of the "Okta Admin Console".
```

You are ready to input your configuration to SEKOIA.IO.

> ## Display application icon to users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Display SEKOIA.IO application icon to your Okta users
```

When your users login to Okta the SEKOIA.IO application can be displayed. This feature allow the user to quickly connect to its applications.

1. Navigate to "Okta admin dashboard" > "Applications" > "Applications": choose your application

> 2. In "General Settings" > "Edit" > "Login"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under "General Settings" > "Edit" > "Login", select "Either Okta or App" as the login initiation method
```

> 3. "Login initiated by" choose "Either Okta or App"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. "Application visibility" choose: "Display application icon to users"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under "Application visibility", choose: "Display application icon to users"
```

> 5. "Login flow" choose: "Redirect to app to initiate login (OIDC Compliant)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Under "Login flow", choose: "Redirect to app to initiate login (OIDC Compliant)"
```

> 6. "Initiate login URI" input your SEKOIA.IO SSO login URL (This URL is displayed in the SEKOIA.IO SSO configuration page at "Managed communities" > "Security" > "Configure single Sign-on (SSO)" > "Configure")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the "Initiate login URI", input your SEKOIA.IO SSO login URL (This URL is displayed in the SEKOIA.IO SSO configuration page at "Managed communities" > "Security" > "Configure single Sign-on (SSO)" > "Configure")
```

> 7. Save

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Save your changes
```
